GBT Mapping Pipeline Version 1.1

These notes accompany the release of the GBT Mapping Pipeline on
August 8, 2013. The previous version of the pipeline was 1.0. The most
significant changes since the last release are described below.

1) Fixed the output FITS pimary header so that output could be
properly interpreted by GBTIDL. GBTIDL was re-applying the beam
offsets, because the output of the pipeline did not include any
"FITSVER" keyword in the header and GBTIDL uses that keyword to
differentiate between old-style SDFITS files produced from GBT which
do not have the beam offsets applied to the antenna pointing and the
current style, which already incorporates the offsets.  If GBTIDL was
used to further process pipeline calibrated spectra, the resulting
output may have had the beam offsets applied twice.

2) The map finding code uses the PROCSCAN keyword, when it is present
(beginning with M&C release 13.4). Otherwise, it uses the OBSID
keyword as it did previously.

3) Sort the list of feeds going into AIPS imaging.
    
The list of feeds going into AIPS had been unsorted, by default. For
the KFPA, this allowed a feed other than 0 to sometimes be first in
the list, giving wrong map center information to AIPS and creating a
final map that was off center.

4) Fixed exposure time calculation. The previous release did not
account for both cal states of the integration and resulted in a lower
total exposure time.

The expsoure time calculation used when computing antenna temperature
(Ta) is:

        exposure_time_sig * exposure_time_ref * ref_smoothing_window
t_exp = ------------------------------------------------------------
        exposure_time_sig + exposure_time_ref * ref_smoothing_window

5) Improved system temperature calculation. In previous releases, the
Tsys was not properly weighted based on exposure time and system temp.
It had been caculated using a simple weighted average of the signal
and reference system temps, with weight = exposure / tsys^2.

The new average applies the same weights but uses the formula:
average_tsys = sqrt((tsys_sig^2 + tsys_ref^2)/2)

6) Fixed the calibrated spectra output to record the proper units in
the header so that the y-axis now has the proper units label when
viewing spectra in GBTIDL.

7) Fixed label of frequency axis in final AIPS image cube.

8) Made pipeline AIPS environment independent of existing shell
environment that might already be setup for AIPS and could cause
conflicts.

9) Do spectrum averaging like GBTIDL regarding NaN values.
